gh-127598: Improve ModuleNotFoundError when -S is passed (#136821)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-07-19-17-08-09.gh-issue-127598.Mx8S-y.rst

> Improve :exc:`ModuleNotFoundError` by adding flavour text to exception when the

Reviewer: Oops, missed this the first time:
```suggestion
Improve :exc:`ModuleNotFoundError` by adding flavour text to the exception when the
```

Author: addressed

> Improve ModuleNotFoundError by adding flavour text to exception when the
> argument '-S' is passed. Contributed by Andrea Mattei

Reviewer: Some general fixups:
```suggestion
Improve :exc:`ModuleNotFoundError` by adding flavour text to exception when the
:option:`-S` option is passed. Patch by Andrea Mattei.
```
